Add support for ReadTheDocs theme (#159)
pawamoy/mkdocstrings: docs/handlers/python.md

  margin-bottom: 0 !important;
}
```

> ## Recommended style (ReadTheDocs)

Reviewer: (The problem is not new in this pull request, but here goes anyway:)

Could you make this CSS available as a file, or perhaps even include it by default somehow? Otherwise it seems like users are forced to copy-paste this into their project, with the risk of it getting outdated

Author: Those are valid points. I guess I was just a bit reluctant to incorporate the CSS into the package since I suck at it :stuck_out_tongue: 

Hopefully if my CSS is bad, users will fix it in PRs, so why not! I'll see how it can be done.

Author: Opened #189 to track this.

> Here are some CSS rules for the builtin *ReadTheDocs* theme:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here are some CSS rules for the built-in *ReadTheDocs* theme:
```
